#### Ok, here is our problem


> Each new term in the Fibonacci sequence is generated by adding the previous two terms. By starting with 1 and 2, the first 10 terms will be:
> 1, 2, 3, 5, 8, 13, 21, 34, 55, 89, ...
> By considering the terms in the Fibonacci sequence whose values do not exceed four million, find the sum of the even-valued terms.

### On this one i had a different approach, however my mentor showed somthing different. I will explain everything.

### Python return statement is not suitable when we have to return a large amount of data. In this case, yield expression is useful to return only part of the data and save memory. So in this case we use Yield as it returns a generator.

### This time,i decided to break the problem into 3 pieces.
> First if the fib function which return fibonacci numbers. This is pretty easy.

>
	def fib():
        x,y = 0,1
        while True:
            yield x 
            x,y = y, x+y
> Secondly the even function, which returns even numbers. The best way to look at this is just to think of how you would print out even numbers from a given list.
> 
    def even(seq):
        for number in seq:
            if not number % 2:
                yield number

> Take seq as just a normal list of numbers.

> Our third and last function which takes our sequence and we use for loop if function to check if we reach a certain  number.
> 
    def under_four_billion(seq):
        for number in seq:
            if number > 4000000:
                break
            yield number 


### Now i am going to conduct unit testing for this code


> So first we import unittest which is a builtin module as
 ### import unittest
 > Secondly we import our python file as
 ### import main.py
 ## we define a class and name it anything, am naming mine as below and we pass unittest.TestCase as arg
> class Name(unittest.TestCase):
# Now we define a function that's and pass in (self), remember if you don't pass (self), you will run into TypeError
>    def funcName(self):
### From there we just initialize our func . 
> self.assertEqual(main.funcNam(),)
> Everything looks perfect, now let's run our python file. 
### python unitest.py

----------------------------------------------------------------------
### Ran 1 test in 25.301s

### OK
> That's the results, which means everything is well set.

# Thank you If there's anything you would love add to please do not hesitate to make a contribution or get in touch with for any corrections, questions and or assistance!
